Point corporate donors toward our OC contact form (#16565)
Homebrew/brew: README.md

Please consider a regular donation through [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/Homebrew), [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/homebrew) or [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/homebrew). Homebrew is fiscally hosted by the [Open Source Collective](https://opencollective.com/opensource).

> For questions about donations, including corporate giving, please contact us through our Open Collective [contact form](https://opencollective.com/homebrew/contact).

Reviewer: Can we use plc@brew.sh, billing@brew.sh, a new address or similar instead here? The OpenCollective form is not great (as demonstrated by the fact we replied to this multiple times without knowing this time)?

Author: Certainly.

```suggestion
For questions about donations, including corporate giving, please email the Homebrew PLC at [plc@brew.sh](mailto:plc@brew.sh) or contact us through our Open Collective [contact form](https://opencollective.com/homebrew/contact).
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For questions about donations, including corporate giving, email the Homebrew PLC at [plc@brew.sh](mailto:plc@brew.sh).
```
